fixed some typos and ae for æ and added content (#241)
aeternity/state-channel-demo: README.md

## How do I build my own state channel demo?

You can find the steps at the complete [State Channel Demo Tutorial Guide](TUTORIAL.md).

## How do State Channel Demo Game transactions take place?

> 

Reviewer: Re. the "in order to avoid cheating in a turn-based implementation ...", you strictly don't need to hash the move. Forced progress can be used to ensure that the opponent accepts the move (and the contract should ensure that moves are actually made in turn). What makes this case (rock-paper-scissors) special is rather that the players are supposed to move _at the same time_, whereas the contract approach enforces a turn-based approach.

Perhaps this is what was meant with "in a turn-based implementation"? It's not a turn-based game, but the implementation makes it so, necessitating the information hiding.

Reviewer 2: This is exactly what was meant with "in a turn-based implementation". Do you have any suggestions on if/how we should rephrase this?

Reviewer 3: I think this is more an explanation by Ulf that we have a special case here in the demo where hashing is needed as both parties need to perform the action at the same time.

if we take "4 wins" as an example a hash wouldn't be needed. the opponent would see the move and just refuse to co-sign the winning move. in this case you could force progress your contract via on-chain force progress.

wondering if I should add this example 🤔 I am updating the readme / tutorial anyway right now

State channels protocol inherently offers security to the demo.

> State Channel Transactions are ruled by co-signed smart contracts. Each participant shall verify the content of a transaction before signing it. Those transactions can be off-chain contract calls, spend transactions or on-chain such as `MutualCloseChannelTx`. All transactions need to be co-signed by both parties.

Reviewer: Strictly speaking, in state channels you have `update` operations, which can be `transfer` (similar to `spend` on-chain), `deposit`, `withdraw`, `new_contract`, `call_contract` (and `meta`, which basically adds a comment to another op).

At first player's side, he/she can inspect the calldata (second player non-hashed move), examine the move the opponent picked and choose to make an inappropriate action (e.g. not revealing his move, because he/she found out that will lose after inspecting opponent's move). 

> `RockPaperScissors` Demo smart contract provides disputing methods to use on-chain with `forceProgressTx`, such as [`player1_dispute_no_reveal`](https://github.com/aeternity/state-channel-demo/blob/develop/contract/contracts/RockPaperScissors.aes#L96) which can be used in cases where the first player did did not reveal his move.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RockPaperScissors` Demo smart contract provides disputing methods to use on-chain with `forceProgressTx`, such as [`player1_dispute_no_reveal`](https://github.com/aeternity/state-channel-demo/blob/develop/contract/contracts/RockPaperScissors.aes#L96) which can be used in cases where the first player did not reveal his move.
```

In that case, the second player can raise an on-chain dispute utilizing transaction force progress mechanism [`forceProgressTx`](https://github.com/aeternity/protocol/blob/master/channels/ON-CHAIN.md#forcing-progress). 

> With force progress transaction the contract state is broadcasted on-chain where game move is confirmed with on-chain computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a force progress transaction the contract state is broadcast on-chain where game move is confirmed with on-chain computation.
```
